pegida sweet
so it appears your hunger for Call of
Duty's more voracious than ever easy my
my friend I'm back man I get this door
fixed I'm sitting there taking a nap you
don't say anything you get out the car
it gets hot in that car man see black
ops 2 uprising is upon us and it's huge
sobbing forced to take on a little
assistance
that's right tough guy here need a
little help you people want to be elbow
deep in for bigger new mess you think
you're ready to battle some bad dumb in
a crazy-ass zombie gates to mow and
knock tracks that's where we come in we
are replaces sent by mutual friends to
replace you in your daily life so you
can have all the call of duty time that
you deserve
pick a savage I don't know
that's my client guilty probably who
cares
you're doing it wrong I'm doing it the
way I'm gonna do it okay it's the wrong
way did he do it
don't blow it I'm not alone okay next
let me do this okay I'm in my zone right
now right did I do it I don't know well
you guys must be here to fix the cable
well feigning anything I'm in the other
room I got this one let's go over to
Hotlanta my mama lives your boys on TV
ha ha it's a 45 percent chance of swamp
bastard a no on us be careful out there
this is a bull
you sure you know what the hell you
doing how hard can it be
you jaywalked we saw to jaywalk see it
say I take walks Santee walk or
something close in here
so go ahead and download black ops 2
uprising we'll take it from here
you know what man will make a great team
don't you drive
haha you won't regret it our promises
get to a thing that car I must show you
how to do this
dacovia bottle monday nouvelle cottage
invoke on newts xbox live